- [[Exod-13#v21]] - [[Exod-13#v22]]
	- Look at God's awesome grace! WOW! He did care for Israel his people! He both guided them and shelter them from the heat by day, and shelther them from the piercing cold by night.This update includes significant changes to the look and feel of Obsidian. Some of the highlights include:
- 10:01 #Answered_Prayers 
	- Oh Lord, I thank you for giving us a wonderful [[2022-10-14 Concern|devotion]]! It's all by your grace and help that I was able to prepare and then guide the kids at Word of Life Academy through it. Praise God!
	- I also thank you for helping me find my dad's phone. I was using it as a remote controller to control the slides, but then I forgot that I placed my phone on top of the piano. I went back and tried to search for it, but to no prevail. Then, I prayed to you, and you answered my prayers! You helped me to see that the phone was on top of the piano! WOW! Praise God.
		- I also thank you for through this lesson, you taught me to be humble. While I was going back to the class, one wonderful chef at the school asked whether or not I have asked the teacher about my phone, but one replied: "No, he is shy." Right then, I was not shy. But, I'm shy. It's all by your help, grace, strength, love and Presence that I was able to even communicate with other humans - Christian or not. Thank you for this lesson.
	- I also thank you for answering my prayer and teaching me to be more agile: as I prepare to go to WOLA, I have to do things quickly as I eat breakfast, dress up and place my computer into the backpack... slowly, through these seemingly small actions, you help me to become more agile.
	- I also thank you for the elevator - both when we leave and when we return. It were quick to carry us and there were few people. WOW!
- 11:11
	- I was hurting in the chest, and God reduced the pain that I felt as a response to my prayer for a moment. Praise God! #Answered_Prayers 
- 18:30
	- Oh Lord, I thank you for the awesome dinner and time together that you have given our family!
- 18:46
	- Oh Lord, I'm sorry for I was frustrated and then stomped on the floor, almost injuring my brother's feet horribly. Though it may be an accident, it was still horrible of me. Thank you for forgiving me of my anger. And thank you for protecting my brother from my rash, foolish action. Thank you! 