- 08:29
	- Oh Lord, I thank you for your touch upon me that I can feel physically when I sing the song: "Crown Him with many Crowns" and "All Hail King Jesus!" Thank you!
- 08:51
	- Yesterday, I was worried about having to interact with a barber and giving him a gospel tract. But God knows that will happen, and he gave me a book in advance: "Transforming Grace - Living *confidently* in God's unfailing love." Praise God!
	- Oh Lord, I thank you for you answered my prayer, and helped me to spend more time praying to you today's morning! Thank you, Holy Spirit, for giving me the words and the focus needed to joyfully pray to you! Amen.
- 09:30
	- Oh Lord, I thank you for revealing an insight about how you can bring bad things to our lives, but can also deliver us from evil of this world. This knowledge adds another depth to the Disciple's Prayer that you have taught us. Thank you!
- 16:23
	- Praise God! Planned Parenthood is defeated!!!
###### 19:01
- I thank God because he has given me and my dad time to pray so that I may [[baptism in the Holy Spirit|receive the Holy Spirit]], and he has given me a chance to receive the laying on of hands. Though I haven't spoke in tongues, he has answered my prayers - millions of times through the mouths of my brothers and sisters in Christ. They spoke in tongue, and so did I. Praise God!
- 19:28
	- I thank God for protecting my brother from his actions and keep his body functioning. My brother jumped over a wooden table in a close way that could make him land not properly, and hurt him, even badly. But God has protected him, WOW his grace!!
	- I also thank God that my brother turned on his microphone and spoke HIS WORD to the class at Liberty Academy!