# 2022-09-26
- 09:01
	- I thank God for the breakfast He has given me: black noodles and a banana
	- I also thank Him for revealing to me that He has protected me from disencouraging my mom. Yesterday, my mother was talking about opening a restaurant and earning money (to be used for goods purposes) and I said "That's biblical." In my mind I was thinking of the verse in 2 Thessalonians 3:10 that says 'For even when we were with you, we used to give you this command: “If anyone is not willing to work, neither should he eat.”' But God has protected me from saying it, for my mom is not lazy or is she not willing to work. She still studies, she still cook for us, she is an amazing mom! Praise God for her!
	- I also thank God for protecting me from dishonoring His Word while I think and write the paragraph right before this one!
- 13:41
	- WOW! Praise God! I always knew that God was overlooking us (and me) in all our lives, and in our devotional time. Also, I was introduced to a very also [[hymn]] that I loved, "All is Well" some times ago. Today, I listened to a [[Crosstalk Podcast]] episode titled When our Faith matters most. I thank God that He gave me valuable insights on [[Gen 23]], when Abraham brought a field to bury his wife. One could wonder why thats including in the Bible, but I promise, there was a very good reason why. What was also awesome is that the hymn, All is Well, is talked about in this podcast, giving me such valuable information that I would not otherwise know about that makes this hymn that much more rich and meaningful. Praise God!
- 19:07
	- Praise God for He helped me get a 100% on the "Analyzing a Memoir Quiz," even though I struggled with one question on the quiz.