# 2022-09-25
---
- 06:33 -- I praise God for His salvation. Today, I sat right at the spot where I used to sin against him. But now, I use that same spot of listen and read His word!
- 07:12 -- I thank God because right after I pray, brother Văn sent the prayers that we would be using to worship Him (at first, he didn't send them)!
- 18:48
	- OH, WHAT A BLESSED EVANGELISM TRIP! Praise God! Today, my teammate was [[grandpa Tuấn]], and we evangelized at Gemek II. By God's grace, we met 3 people today: 1 security men, 1 grandma and 1 grandpa. God answered our prayers. He was with us, as He has promised. He gave us the love needed to think about starting a conversation about Jesus. He gave us boldness to start it. And He gave us strength and wisdom to continue the conversations that was started.
		- We talked to the security men, but when [[grandpa Tuấn]] just started to talk about the gospel, he had to go and work.
		- Praise God for he answered our prayers. This grandma was from Him. She was very receptive to the truth of God, and I was able to tell her about Jesus. I didn't have time to call her into beliving in Jesus, but I was able to hand her a gospel tract. Praise God! This was the first time EVER that God has opened my mouth, gave me the strength and love, and helped me proclaim His truth. "How did I do that?" "It is by God's grace, and only His grace, amen!"
		- While I was evangelizing to the grandma, [[grandpa Tuấn]] talked to a grandpa there. He was receptive at first, but then tuned out of the conversation. To him, life just as is is enough. To him, there were no need to Jesus. We learned a lesson that, we need to represent Jesus more effectively. He doesn't **just** provide peace, joy, or even resources (He does if it is His will), but, ultimately and most importantly (for everything else flows out from this): human are sinful, utterly hopeless, and in need of a Savior. And Jesus is the best Savior EVER!
		- Prayer: I pray that God would touch and work in the hearts of the people whom God let us reached today, and may the Holy Spirit work in their hearts, so that they may know how sinful they really are, that they may repent of their sins, and believe in Jesus, their Savior, and their God. Amen! 
- 22:36
	- I praise God for He helped us to make a call, and to celebrate [[grandma  Xuan | our grandma's]] and [[ Phúc Ân| my cousin's]] birthday! We get to bless them in the Name of our God... and overall glorify Him.
	- I do make a horrible and great mistake by saying "Is her name [my counsin's] Phúc Uyên (who recently passed away) or Phúc Ân." This dishonor my Father and Lord by showing that I don't even know the name of my counsins , as well as sending grief to my [[Dì Liên| aunt]] by making her remember her daughter's death. Through this mistake, God taught me 2 lessons.
		- 1. After confessing this sin to God, I know that He has forgiven me. But still, I still feel that guilt in my heart. Through this, He taught me to trust in Jesus, not my feelings, for the forgiveness of sins, and ultimately, our salvation.
		- 2. I really need to care about other more. Doesn't matter if they are distant or close relatives. Doesn't matter if they are believers or unbelievers. I need to show them the same love and care that I show (by God's grace) to my persecuted brothers and sisters in Christ in other countinents.
- 22:46
	- I'm going to bed now. Today was a blessed day. All praise and glory belong to God!